♪Hey, you, you, you, why is it you again?♪
♪Always stumbling upon my little secrets♪
♪Falling on my brows, my lashes, even the strands by my mouth♪
♪Like my favorite kitten on a rainy spring afternoon♪
♪Hey, you, you, you, why is it you again?♪
♪You effortlessly awaken my protective instincts♪
♪Hitting all my little thoughts, my doubts, and my temper♪
♪Like my favorite beer and fried chicken in autumn, or spicy boiled fish in winter♪
♪Why is it you again? That sweet way you speak♪
♪As if the whole world knows my mind is full of you♪
♪Why is it still you? That secret smile behind your cool facade♪
♪I might as well play along. Let me protect you♪
♪Why is it always you? The smile at the corner of your lips♪
♪Before I knew it, the words blurted out, "I like you. I only like you."♪
=Love Has Fireworks=
(Based on "Investment Men and Women" by Hong Er on Jinjiang Literature City)
=Episode 28=
Can you
Make me a bowl of congee?
I want some.
Me?
I...
Do I look like I know how to make congee?
I'll order some delivery.
No, don't.
It's late.
The delivery guys have it hard enough.
How about this? I'll teach you.
Do you have rice here?
Let me check. There should be some.
Fei, you have to keep stirring it.
That way, it won't boil over.
Fei, are you okay?
I'm fine.
How annoying.
(We can hear the vast, rushing spirit)
(of our rivers,)
(and the fiery, magnificent spirit of our nation.)
(The Yellow River and the Yangtze River)
(share their source in Qinghai-Xizang)
(and flow together into the vast sea.)
(They reflect the passage of centuries)
(and bring blessings to generations to come!)
Thanks, Fei.
I took the medicine and had the porridge,
So I feel much better now.
That's great.
Then you should head back and rest.
What about you?
Are you spending Chinese New Year's alone?
Me?
No. I have to go to my dad's place for Chinese New Year's.
When you called me just now,
I was just getting ready to head back.
Could you give me a ride on your way?
It's impossible to get a cab at this hour.
Pack up your things. Let's go. Come on.
Right now?
(Let us wish everyone)
(a blessed family and a prosperous, strong nation.)
(Great!)
(Friends,)
(the midnight bell is about to ring!)
(Tell me out loud.)
The sketch comedy on the Spring Festival Gala this year
Was pretty interesting.
Yeah, the singing and dancing were good, too.
If you ask me, as long as the whole family is together,
Anything we watch is great.
(Countdown!)
(Ten!)
(Nine!)
The countdown started.
(Seven!)
(Six!)
- Five, four, three, two, one! - Five, four, three, two, one!
- Happy Chinese New Year! - Happy Chinese New Year!
(We wish everyone across the nation)
(a Happy Chinese New Year.)
(Blessings to our great motherland.)
I'll go boil these dumplings first.
I'll do it.
Answer your phone.
(Pretentious Li) Your phone.
Pretentious Li?
It's Li, right?
(Why is he calling me?)
(Shouldn't he be out partying at this hour?)
Hello?
Happy Chinese New Year.
Say something.
I called right on the dot to wish you a Happy Chinese New Year.
Give me some reaction, will you?
No,
I'm just a bit surprised.
I didn't expect
That you'd still remember me despite being so busy.
Alright, Happy Chinese New Year.
I'll let you go.
Go enjoy yourself. I won't disturb you.
Hey, wait...
Enjoy what?
Put your dad on the phone.
My dad?
Why do you want him?
Don't I have to put on the full act for you?
Right?
Li wants to talk to me, right?
Come on,
Give it to me.
Hello, Li.
Happy Chinese New Year, Mr. Su.
Happy Chinese New Year.
How is it, Mr. Su? Did you enjoy the liquor I gave you?
Thank you.
That liquor is good. I love it.
It's too expensive.
Don't mention it, Mr. Su.
If you like it, I'll get you a few more bottles.
No, two bottles are enough.
You must come over when you're free.
My wife and I will make dumplings for you.
Then I wish you a Happy Chinese New Year and good health, Mr. Su.
Great.
Send my regards to your dad.
Take care of yourselves, too.
Sure. Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Hello?
What did you just say?
You made my dad so happy.
None of your business.
By the way, what day are you coming back?
Why do you ask?
Afraid I'll disrupt your time alone with your girlfriend?
What nonsense are you talking about?
What time alone?
Let me tell you clearly.
I don't have a girlfriend.
What nonsense?
I just wanted to ask you
If you have a lot of luggage on the day you return.
Why are you silent again?
Yes, a lot.
Do you want to pick me up?
All right, then.
From now on, every time I fly,
You should come and pick me up.
Forget I said anything.
Alright, Happy Chinese New Year.
Bye-bye.
Get in the car.
How about you sit in the back?
Fei, put it down.
Sit down.
What's wrong, Dad?
Tell me the truth.
What exactly is the relationship
Between you and Li?
He...
He is my boyfriend.
Stop trying to fool me.
If he were your boyfriend,
Why were you so surprised when you got his call?
Why don't you have a single photo together?
Why haven't you taken the initiative
To call him
On Chinese New Year's Eve today?
I...
Alright.
I'll tell you the truth.
He's not my boyfriend.
I just didn't want you to worry too much about me.
He was originally just my tenant.
Later on, we became good friends,
Just like Yu and Jingjing.
Well, Yu and Jingjing
Didn't call you at the exact time, right?
Well...
Maybe they were busy.
But Li wasn't busy?
You just told him on the phone to have a good time,
Which means he has his own social circle.
He called you at midnight on Chinese New Year's Eve
And went to all the trouble
Of having you bring liquor back for me.
What does this mean?
Don't you understand?
Dad, you're overthinking this.
He has a lot of tricks up his sleeve.
You don't know him.
Maybe he wants a favor from me or something.
Fei,
This isn't a trick.
This is sincerity.
Those who play tricks are businessmen.
They are only nice to you
When they need you.
But someone who thinks of you at all times and in all things,
Aside from your parents,
Is the one who stays by your side
And loves you.
But
He has a girlfriend.
He has a girlfriend?
He doesn't admit it.
But that girl surely likes him.
So, does he like that girl,
Or does he like you?
I...
I'm not his type anyway.
Then do you like him?
Fei,
Li is a good guy.
Don't let your past relationship
Become a burden to you.
We're here.
I like you, Fei.
The first time I saw you,
I fell for you.
When you like someone,
You can't hide the spark in your eyes.
But why is it that every time you look at me...
Jin,
We're not right for each other.
Am I really that awful in your eyes?
Not even a match for your landlady?
Jin,
You are not awful at all.
But I already have someone I like in my heart.
It looks like I guessed right.
Actually, ever since I met you,
I knew
The person you like is your landlady.
Because every time she comes up,
Your eyes just light up,
Shining so bright.
You've lived together for so long.
Since you like her,
Why don't you confess to her
And make your relationship official?
Are you afraid she'll reject you?
You're someone who beats around the bush.
Why are you so cautious
When it comes to love?
Maybe I'm still a bit scared and worried.
I don't even know when it started,
But I realized that when I'm with her,
I start to lose control of myself.
I've never felt this way before,
So I don't dare to take the risk.
Alright, Fei, you don't need to say any more.
I won't pester you anymore in the future.
I'm sorry.
But my advice to you is,
Since you love her so much,
Don't worry about so many things.
Be brave.
♪What matters to me is what you need♪
♪No more, no less. I only hope I can give it to you♪
♪What I treasure is what I have♪
♪Bit by bit, I only hope you're there with me♪
Were you lonely spending Chinese New Year's Eve by yourself
In that box?
♪Those sweet promises and words of love♪
You weren't lonely at all.
You had that pretty influencer girl keeping you company.
(So does he like that girl,)
(or does he like you?)
♪Harsh words, lies, and words I can't make sense of♪
My dad is asking you.
Do you like her, or do you like me?
♪Dreams, nonsense, and the words hidden in my heart♪
"I am your master, after all.
How could an apprentice harbor improper thoughts about her master?"
I knew you would say that.
Smooth talker.
I won't think about it anymore.
♪What I dream of is being with you♪
♪Holding hands and walking at a steady pace♪
♪What I long for is something lasting♪
♪Day after day, simply holding you close♪
♪Those sweet promises and words of love♪
♪Like fireworks lighting up the midnight sky♪
♪Dreams, nonsense, and the words hidden in my heart♪
You're usually busy with work,
So eat more now that you're back.
I ate a lot today.
You're so thin.
I'll answer a call.
Hey, what's up?
What do you mean by "what's up"?
When are you coming back?
On the sixth day of the Chinese New Year.
Why?
Is your girlfriend unable to make stir-fried eggplant strips
To satisfy your cravings?
I don't have a girlfriend.
Why do you keep bringing this up?
Hey...
Whether you have a girlfriend
Is none of my business.
I wish you would move out right now.
I really can't communicate with you.
I'm just asking you,
Why are you only coming back right before work on the sixth?
You just resumed work.
Shouldn't you come back early to prepare?
Hey,
I only come home once a year.
What's wrong with staying a couple of days longer?
Then why didn't you come home for National Day?
National Day?
My dad went traveling with Ms. He.
What's the point of staying home alone?
Wait, are you just looking for something to say?
Or...
Did you have a fight with your girlfriend?
I'm just wondering,
Do I have to fight with another woman
Before I can call you, huh?
(2.14 Happy Valentine's Day)
(Store-wide Sale, Non-stop Surprises)
If I'm not wrong,
Today's February 14th.
Are you calling to wish me Happy Valentine's Day?
Is that it?
Today is Valentine's Day?
I didn't know.
I...
Are you out shopping?
I'll let you go then.
I'll hang up. Bye.
Li Yifei, you...
Am I really that obvious?
Forget it.
Hello.
Hello, sir.
The rose you are looking at
Is our best-selling one
For Valentine's Day.
No,
The flowers I want to buy
Should express affection,
But without making it too obvious.
You know what I mean? Just something...
A bit more special.
A bit more special?
It's just that,
You know, it's Valentine's Day,
Everyone gives roses,
And I think that's so cliché.
I want to buy...
Well,
I don't want her to know that by giving her flowers,
I am actually confessing my feelings.
You get it, right?
But I really do like her.
So, given these symptoms,
What flowers would be appropriate?
Let me summarize it for you.
She didn't know you liked her before,
And in the future,
You don't want her to like you either, right?
No.
That's how it was before.
But as for the future,
I'm really not sure yet.
Is there a flower like that?
Well,
I'm not quite sure what you need...
No problem.
I'll look around some more.
Please feel free to look around.
What flower is this?
These are daisies.
The flower language of a daisy
Is love hidden deep in the heart.
I'll take this one.
Alright.
How was it?
Did I do all right playing your boyfriend?
You did great.
I'll treat you to dinner next time.
Deal.
Um...
If you're still single next Chinese New Year,
I can go back with you again.
We'll see next year.
Anyway, going back is just a formality.
What's wrong?
You saw the atmosphere at my house.
I've been distant from my dad since I was a kid.
Every time we talk, as we keep talking,
We always end up arguing.
Later on, my sister came along.
As for my mom,
She gets caught in the middle and is torn every time.
Now that I'm grown up,
The only thing I can do
Is to go back less often so I don't upset them.
Actually, your parents care about you a lot.
That day in the kitchen,
Your mom told me...
Yeah, what did my mom say to you that day?
You should just listen to it yourself.
You actually recorded it?
I thought you should hear it,
So I recorded it.
Jun,
You have to treat Yu better in the future.
If I find out you've mistreated her,
I won't let you off easily.
I understand, Mrs. Dang.
You've seen how our family is.
Yu's dad has a bad temper.
As for Yu, every time she comes back from Shanghai,
Her dad acts like this.
He won't talk properly.
He'd rather suffer than lose face.
Over these years,
Yu has been away by herself,
Enduring a lot of grievances
And facing many hardships.
As her parents,
We also know we owe her a great deal.
Actually,
We don't care about things like houses,
Cars, or residency status.
We just want her
To be happy.
Jun, I hope you
Can give her a stable home.
I will be grateful to you from the bottom of my heart.
Don't worry, Mrs. Dang.
I will treat Yu well.
I promise you.
Thank you.
Your parents really care about you
And dote on you.
They know you've been working hard on your own,
And that it hasn't been easy.
I think they're just not good at expressing it,
But they are good parents.
You don't need to envy me either.
I didn't expect
You'd be quite good at comforting people.
Besides,
In Shanghai,
Don't you still have
Friends like Qian Fei and me?
If anything happens,
You can always tell us.
We will help you.
How can you and Qian Fei be the same?
Anyway, we're all good friends.
Once we go back,
I'll have to count on you for the dance competition.
Okay, then, thanks, my good friend.
You're welcome.
Silly.
It's nothing.
Hey,
You've been messing with this flower for half an hour already.
What's up?
Are you planning to enter the flower market?
Too low-class.
Can you stop thinking about money all the time?
Can't you be a bit more sincere?
Sorry...
I wasn't talking about you.
Looking at this potted flower,
Do you have any thoughts?
Any thoughts?
Tomb-Sweeping Day?
Don't smash it, please.
Don't smash this thing.
I will unbox it for you.
Shift your mindset.
Think about it from an artist's perspective.
Anything?
Yifei,
Are you sick?
I think you
Really can't communicate with me with normal logic anymore.
Even the girl at the flower shop understands.
This is called a daisy. It's very special.
Its flower language is
A love hidden deep in the heart that cannot be spoken.
Cannot be spoken?
If you're chicken to say it, just say so.
Come on.
If you have no taste, you have no taste.
I can't even be bothered with you.
You think you have taste?
Where did Zihao
Get these plates for you?
Just tell me if they look good or not.
Are we really going to use these to eat?
Things are meant to be used,
Right?
I...
What's it?
Hello, Li Yifei?
There's a major bug in the app.
And we've run out of cash.
The money we have left isn't enough to fix it.
Shouldn't we start thinking about
Raising funding?
If we raise funds now,
It'll be hard to control the app's direction later.
You know that?
Absolutely not.
Give me one day.
I'll handle it.
What solution do you have?
It's hard to explain over the phone.
Wait for my word.
Well...
I have a task for you.
I'm going to Sanya.
Take care of this potted flower for me.
Sunlight, air, and water,
You can't miss a single one.
Wait, sunlight, air, and water?
Wouldn't it be easier to just take it to Sanya?
The love in my heart...
How can it endure the hardships of travel?
You're only going to Sanya for one day.
(Pretentious Li)
Hello?
What time are you coming back on the sixth day?
Bro, today is only the fourth day.
Don't you get tired of asking every day?
Just answer when I ask.
Around 1:00 PM.
Could it be that you and your girlfriend
Made a total mess of the house,
So you want me to come back later?
Let me reiterate this to you.
I don't have a girlfriend.
Then why...
It's nothing.
Just wait.
I'll pick you up then.
Bye.
Why is that?
Eager to see me?
So why?
Who were you talking to just now?
Dad, you startled me.
It was Li, right?
You already know, yet you still ask.
Look at you, you're blushing.
No, I'm not.
I'm going back to my room.
Fei should be going back the day after tomorrow.
Why are you standing there all by yourself,
Smiling like an idiot?
This guy
Seems quite nice.
I'm glad.
Maomao,
Accompany me to hang out on the yacht in a bit.
I'm asking you a question.
Are you going?
Maomao.
Happy Chinese New Year, Dad.
I brought you some apples
Grown by Fulaxida itself.
These are all organic and pesticide-free.
You can eat them straight without washing.
Wait.
You...
We usually live in the same city,
And you're too lazy to even visit me.
Did you fly over here specifically for this?
A son wishing his father a Happy Chinese New Year
Is only natural, right?
That's true.
Alright.
Now that you've wished me a Happy Chinese New Year,
Is there something else?
Yes.
Help me save the day, Dad.
It's tough out there on your own, huh?
Tell me, when can you return to the group?
Dad,
This time I really have to save Fulaxida first.
You
Are just too green.
You only know how to save the day,
But not how to find the leaks.
What do you mean by that?
You don't mean to say
That Fulaxida's problem
Is a trap intentionally set by someone?
Okay.
You're not completely stupid.
I knew it.
How could a tech guy like Ma Li
Suddenly start supporting a rushed financing round?
It seems he really got in touch with
Some powerful people.
Speak up.
How much capital do you need?
Thirty million.
All the money invested before has been burned through?
At least twenty million.
Fine.
Let me tell you,
You're the only person in this world
Who dares to ask me for money so blatantly.
I'm not asking for a handout.
A six-month term
With ten percent interest.
Fifteen percent.
Foxy old man.
Did you mean to call me a devious old fox?
Just eat your apple.
Don't forget. No need to wash it. Eat it as it is.
Leaving?
Yeah, I have a flight to catch.
Wait, why don't you have a meal before you leave?
There's no time.
Fei has really made progress.
He even knows to bring you a gift now.
Right now, our group's
Overseas business isn't doing so well either.
Actually, you need
Fei to come back and help you out.
Why did you...
How can a father complain about his hardships to his son?
Besides,
My 20 million
Has to be spent where it matters most.
You mean...
Don't worry about it.
Come
Help me wash the apple.
Sure.
He said it didn't need washing.
Why don't I buy that?
I don't buy it either.
Better wash it.
Okay.
Make sure you wash it thoroughly.
Last time, you were the one who put an end to my company.
Now you're here giving me an opportunity.
Had you already planned
This entire scheme
Back when you were at Shanlifang?
To be honest, from the beginning, I didn't think much of
The product you developed.
But as for the Fulaxida app,
I think you should give it a try.
On what grounds?
This app
Will allow all consumers
To see how the things they buy
Were planted and harvested.
They can see how much water was used on each plot of land,
How much fertilizer was applied,
And even down to a single piece of fruit,
Its origin can be traced right to the consumer's hands.
But how can we ensure that these agricultural products,
With the support of this app,
Will have a competitive value
That ordinary products lack?
And we should ensure
That for the farmers involved in planting.
Because all the yields will bear their names,
Which will make them cherish
Their reputation and integrity even more.
Currently,
This app is still not very well-developed.
That's why I thought of you.
Because your development philosophy
Aligns so perfectly with Fulaxida.
So I believe
You can improve this app.
And I believe even more that you can turn this possibility
Into reality.
This feels like a dream.
I never would have thought
That an app originally meant to take
Hotel services to the next level
Could be adapted for agricultural production bases.
Is this...
Is this really feasible?
Of course.
Fulaxida
Is the stage for you and your developed product
To show your value.
Although the funding isn't abundant right now,
It's enough to push things forward.
As for the follow-up support, don't worry about it.
Most of the investors I met before
Were high and mighty.
And I just felt they were just hitching a ride to get a piece of the pie.
But you're different.
Investors and entrepreneurs
Must always complement each other's strengths
And be honest with each other.
Or how can they be business partners?
Since we're talking about honesty,
I won't hide anything either.
There's a question that has puzzled me for a long time.
It's true that you work in investment banking,
But very few investment bankers transition to becoming investors.
This not only requires vision and courage
But also capital reserves.
What are you trying to say?
Qiansheng Manufacturing Group.
How did you know?
Before New Year, I approached Chairman Li to pitch myself.
It didn't work out, but I saw the photo on his desk.
It should be an old photo
Of your family of three.
I was sure of it back then.
Because
Your looks and personality are just too similar to Chairman Li's.
Good eye.
Then you have even less to worry about now.
My concern isn't about your identity.
I highly respect
Your wish to keep it a secret.
I'm just curious.
You care so much about Qian Fei,
And you spend day and night with her,
But judging by her state,
She doesn't seem to know.
I don't care about her.
And we don't spend day and night together.
Besides, I told her I'm from a wealthy family,
But she didn't believe me.
Whether she believes it depends on
Whether you're ready for the consequences of revealing it.
As for whether you care about her,
I think anyone who sees the way you look at her
Would understand clearly.
Just like now, look at you.
You are completely different
From the eloquent self you were just now.
Alright, cut it out.
I am your financial backer now,
So watch your tone.
Yes.
How could I tease my financial backer?
Don't worry, I will keep your secret.
From now on,
We will only talk about work.
You said it.
I have things to do. I'm leaving.
(Fruit and Vegetable Market)
Honey!
It's signed.
It's signed!
Really?
Let me see.
The new investor has been confirmed.
My app and my project
Can finally get back on track.
That's wonderful!
You've had a hard time lately.
It really was tough.
Jingjing,
I've wronged you.
What are you saying?
I'm happy for you.
I don't feel wronged at all.
Jingjing,
Actually, I understand everything.
You didn't let me go home with you for Chinese New Year this year
Because you were afraid your parents would ask about my job
And worry about me.
When you came home with me for Chinese New Year,
You did chores for my parents
And spoke up for me.
I understand it.
Alright,
Stop being so emotional.
Let's go.
Let's buy two fish and go home to celebrate.
Why buy fish?
We're eating out today.
We must have a proper meal.
Really?
Let's go!
Hey, you arrived quite on time.
Five minutes.
Wait for me for another five minutes. I'll be right there.
You've been waiting long, right?
There was a traffic jam on the road.
It's only been five minutes.
Okay, give it to me.
Oh,
My dad insisted on bringing some local specialties for you.
Your dad gave this to me?
Then we must devour it tonight.
Why do you look so exhausted?
Something went wrong with Fulaxida.
I've been resolving it.
Is it resolved now?
I took a flight
And went to the suburbs again.
It's fine now.
In just over a day,
You did so many things?
Because I'm capable.
Li Yifei.
Well,
Let me drive.
You?
Hurry up.
Alright then.
And you said you didn't have a girlfriend.
What's with these slippers then?
They're Qi's.
I asked her to come over and water my flowers.
They're Qi's?
Watering flowers?
You've never watered my flowers.
Why would Qi come to help?
I bought a pot of flowers, too.
You bought flowers?
You can't even take care of yourself,
Yet you're growing flowers?
Why would I lie to you?
See that?
You really bought it.
You know, it looks quite pretty.
You like it?
If you like it, I'll give it to you.
Really?
Hurry up and go inside to unpack.
I'll order some food first.
Use my phone number.
Go get some sleep.
Did you forget how long I just slept in the car?
Dinner is ready.
Come out and eat.
Coming.
Hey, you changed the tableware?
Where's the old set?
I broke that set,
So I bought you a new one as compensation.
Well,
This is so expensive.
If I'd known, you could have just transferred the money to me.
Transferring money would work, too.
But first of all, transferring money might not make you stop being angry.
Second, you would probably just save the money in the bank,
Which wouldn't give you the secret satisfaction you have now.
Who says I'm secretly satisfied?
I just sneaked a taste of this beef.
Your parents are really good cooks.
It's delicious.
You only ordered a salad and a pot of porridge?
What do you mean?
I made it with my own hands.
You made it?
You know how to make this?
I've watched you cook so much that I learned by osmosis.
Impossible.
Fine, I learned a bit online.
Alright? On such a cold day,
I came back and made you a pot of porridge to warm your stomach,
Yet you're still being nitpicky.
So considerate?
I've always been like this.
Hurry up and eat.
What's wrong?
It's nothing. Don't worry about me.
Let me see.
It's fine.
Don't worry about me.
Is this a burn?
Did you burn yourself making porridge just now?
I'm just not used to it. It's fine.
I'll apply some medicine for you.
Did you find the medicine?
It hurts so much.
What's wrong?
What are you doing?
Whose hair is this?
What hair?
Come over and look for yourself.
=Love Has Fireworks= (Next Episode Preview)
Ms. Fang was taken away by the people from Shanlifang.
Do you know why?
Have you forgotten the turmoil with Shanlifang Hotel's rooms
Before the Chinese New Year?
Why did you look for me?
All this time,
I have always looked up to you as my role model
And aspired to become someone like you.
But I don't understand why.
Why did you leak the information to Diansansan?
♪There's no need to know the ending from the start♪
♪Let the melody play through the chords with the wind♪
♪There's no need to keep every promise from the past♪
♪Leave some surprises for the unknown in life♪
♪There's no need to force things between two people♪
♪Perhaps I'll feel alone, yet still find you there for me♪
♪There's no need to dwell on right or wrong, nor fear♪
♪A hug means more than countless apologies♪
♪I'll send you into the wide world♪
♪To live with passion and become who you truly are♪
♪A quiet shoulder♪
♪Like a harbor waiting for your wandering soul♪
♪I'll wait for the day you return to a simpler life♪
♪The lights of home warm the night♪
♪A companionship that lasts forever♪
♪Shining brightly like the stars and the moon on high♪
♪I'll send you into the wide world♪
♪To live with passion and become who you truly are♪
♪A quiet shoulder♪
♪Like a harbor waiting for your wandering soul♪
♪I'll wait for the day you return to a simpler life♪
♪The lights of home warm the night♪
♪A companionship that lasts forever♪
♪Shining brightly like the stars and the moon on high♪